README.md, before:

# Squad-Mandalore-Frontend

## Setup

1. Clone Git Project ```https://github.com/Squad-Mandalore/Frontend.git``` Or SSH / Github CLI

*In case of access denied push, generate Personal access token or SSH Usage

```Profile > Settings > Developer Settings > Personal access token (classic)```

2. Install all Modules (Requirement Node.js installed) ```npm install```


3. You`re good to go!


## Dependencies

Already installed dependencies are:

- [ESLint](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/) and [angular-eslint/schematics](https://github.com/angular-eslint/angular-eslint) Code Convention and Style


# Angular Introduction
This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 17.0.9.
>[!NOTE]
>To use the local installed Angular CLI **all** `ng` commands have to be prefixed with `npx`
<details>
  <summary>Example</summary>

  Run `npx ng serve` for a dev server.
</details>

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests
The Unit Tests ***require*** Chrome / Chromium Web Browser installed.

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).  


## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

feat: SM-85/SM-123 Logger/Apigen

README.md, after:

# Squad-Mandalore-Frontend

## Setup

1. Clone Git Project ```https://github.com/Squad-Mandalore/Frontend.git``` Or SSH / Github CLI  

*In case of access denied push, generate Personal access token or SSH Usage 

```Profile > Settings > Developer Settings > Personal access token (classic)``` 

2. Install all Modules (Requirement Node.js installed) ```npm install```  

3. To install all OpenApi files that are needed in this Project, use

```npm run apigen``` *(this requires the Backend running on localhost)*

or

```npm run apigen-f``` *(this may uses an older version of the Backend-API)*

4. You`re good to go!


## Dependencies

Already installed dependencies are:  

- [ESLint](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/) and [angular-eslint/schematics](https://github.com/angular-eslint/angular-eslint) Code Convention and Style


# Angular Introduction
This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 17.0.9.
>[!NOTE]
>To use the local installed Angular CLI **all** `ng` commands have to be prefixed with `npx`
<details>
  <summary>Example</summary>

  Run `npx ng serve` for a dev server.
</details>

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests
The Unit Tests ***require*** Chrome / Chromium Web Browser installed.

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).  


## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
